What is the definition of “Machine Unlearning”?
Removing the influences of training data from a trained model
The ability of a machine learning model to adapt to new data
A technique used to compress machine learning models
The ability of a machine learning model to learn a variety of data

---
What might be some types of information that one might want to remove from model data? (Select all that apply.)
Private data
Toxic or unsafe content
Accurate information
Model hyperparameter settings
Stale knowledge

---
What is GDPR’s Article 17 about in the context of Machine Learning?
Right to be remembered
Right to be modified
Right to be distributed
Right to be forgotten

---
What are the steps in the SISA approach?
Sampled, Isolated, Stopped, Aggregated
Sharded, Imitate, Sliced, Annotated
Sharded, Isolated, Sliced, Aggregated
Sampled, Imitate, Stopped, Annotated

---
What is Membership Inference Attack (MIA) used for?
To train LLMs faster
To improve the models robustness
To remove accurate data
To classify between training and unseen data

---
What is the role of differential privacy?
To improve model accuracy
To make the model forget everything
To make models indistinguishable with/without certain data points
To speed up training time

---
Which benchmarks are used to evaluate unlearning in LLMs? (Select all that apply.)
TOFU
GLUE
WMDP
GUIDE

---
Case: A hospital wants to share patient health data with research institutions to support public health studies. However, it must ensure that a patient's identity cannot be inferred. To achieve this, the hospital generates and sends aggregate statistics to the institute. Which form of unlearning is this?
Exact unlearning
Unlearning via differential privacy
Just ask for unlearning
Empirical Unlearning

---
Which isn’t a type of graph unlearning?
Node unlearning
Edge unlearning
Label unlearning
Node feature unlearning

---
Which methods are used for Node unlearning? (Select all that apply.)
GraphEraser
GUIDE
Projector
GraphdEditor
GNNDelete
MEGU

---
What are “hidden representations”?
The final model outputs
Raw training data stored in memory
Intermediate activation vectors captured during model execution
The model's loss values during training
